## About Rachael :wave:
***
My name is Rachael Cortese and I am 20 years old. I am currently studying Communication and Public Relations at Drexel University, minoring in Interactive Digital Media. I recently just finished my co-op at a PR Firm in Rittenhouse Square that focused on mainly restaurant public relations. Which was amazing for my taste buds, but horrible for my wallet and waistline. At the PR firm I wrote press releases, ran social media accounts, planned tasting events, and so much more. We constantly got to try cool food and participate in fun opportunities for our clients, including being on TV. It was a great first co-op, and I’m excited to see what I do for my next one.

I never know what to write for my about me pages because I don’t find myself too terribly interesting or notable. I also am not a huge fan of people knowing my business or what I’m up to, so there you have it. However, some of the things I am interested in are makeup, fashion, art, music - I think they all coexist within each other. Music is art is fashion is beauty; you get the idea. In an ideal world I would love to work in one of those industries, preferably as publicist or as a member of a PR agency who works closely with those industries.  

Something I also find myself doing in my free time is reading often. Over the summer I worked as a hostess in a restaurant in Old City, and when it would get slow - and it often did - I would find myself bored and longing for the days of my youth when I had no cares in the world and could read all the time. So, that I did. I signed up for a membership card at the Free Library of Philadelphia and rejoiced because I could finally read all the time again! Luckily, my boss was completely cool with me reading at the host stand granted that we were not too busy or I wasn’t ignoring our restaurant guests. I think I read well over 20 books this summer, and it sure beat mindlessly scrolling through social media. 

In creating this website, expect it to be an attempt at curating all the thousands of ideas in my head and committing them to something more tangible. Imagine a blog and lifestyle website hybrid - you’ll find some personal anecdotes but also some articles catered towards the general public: think makeup advice, fashion ideas, lifestyle tips, sprinkled with my opinions. Think Carrie Bradshaw crosses paths with your favorite fashion/beauty website, and hopefully rachaelcortese.com will the intersection. It is my hope that this site will one day become collaborative, as I’m sure there’s many other opinions than mine that are far more interesting. As someone who studies Communication creating a website to release all my thoughts is exciting.
